---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week as usual I did my readings and went to the lectures. We also turned in the last phase of the project. The last phase was not too bad and we were actually able to finish the project in good time. I particularly worked on the providing a search functionality for our website. We also worked and finished our presentation slides. We are also critiqued another group's website. We also started working on the extra credit and set up a google doc to start writing out the lecture about subprocess. We did face an issue with our project that one of the columns we were populating with data the API does not give us anymore. This happened only a couple of days before the submission so we are hoping that it does not affect our grade too much since we could not do anything about it.    

### What's in your way?

The quizzes are in my way right now. I am stil not doing so well on the quizzes and that is bringing down my grade. I am also hoping that we get a higher grade on phase 3 so my grade gets pulled up a little. I am hoping that the extra credit will bump my grade a little bit. Also the semester is coming to an end which means that the exam is coming up soon. I did not do that well as I thought I did on the last exam so I want to spend a little more time to studying. I am little worried about the exam and that is one thing that I see to be in my way. I am slightly bit nervous about the presentation as well.   

### What will you do next week?

This next week I plan on going to lectures as per usual. I just have to be prepared for the extra credit and project presentations for this week. I have assignments for other classes which I also want to finish on time so I have a more free weekend to look forward to. I also want to start reviewing for the exam since it is in two weeks. That last week will be very busy for me so I want to give myself plenty of time to prepare for this exam. I want to do a lot better on this exam than the last one. 

### Class experience

Overall, I enjoy this class. I think Professor Fraij is an amazing teacher and makes the learning a lot more easier. I really like working with my group too for the idb project. Everyone in my group is extremely smart and very easy to work with. We have not had any disagreements yet and someone is always willing to help others when someone is stuck. This is a nice change from other group projects I have worked on in the past. I really liked working with this group and on this project Other than the group project, I also like the material of the class and it is going at a good pace I think. I do still not like the quizzes because I always make silly mistakes and get the questions wrong. Overall, I am really glad I got to take this class during my last semester at UT. I have learned some valuable skills that I will be able to apply in my job.

### Tip-of-the-week


