---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I focused on starting project 1 and trying to make way through the workflow that is given to us. I am trying to go slowly and carefully through the workflow. I realized that a lot of the steps in the workflow are going to step up the tools for the next projects. I do not want to mess anything up so I am going slow, but as the due that is approaching soon I think I need to pick up the pace. Furthermore, as I had mentioned in my first blog post, I have not formally learned python or even used it much so I have been trying keep up with the notes Professor Fraij puts up.  

### What's in your way?

I am still struggling with setting up the tools we are using for this class. Also, I have realized that I am going a lot slower than I expected I would be. I really need to pick up the pace so that I can finish the project in a timely manner. I have also struggled with the quizzes. For the most part the quizzes are not too bad, but I think I rush through the questions and end up getting questions wrong. Also, I need to probably be reading the readings more closely.  

### What will you do next week?

I plan on going to the lab sessions next week so I can pick up my pace and so that I can immediately get help if I get stuck on the project. I want to finish the project hopefully by thursday mid-day. I am going to continue reading notes and looking at the example code before and after class. I think I also need to start reading the readings more carefully so I can do better on the quizzes.   

