---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past as usual I did my readings and went to the lectures. Also we got the grade back for phase 1 of the project. We got lower than I was expecting, but we did higher than average which is good. Additionally, this past week I attended the Atlassian talk on Monday. The talk was interesting but got a little long towards the end during the Q&A. I appreciated the female engineer sharing her experience about facing sexism and how to handle it in the professional world. 

### What's in your way?

The quizzes are in my way right now. I am stil not doing so well on the quizzes and that is bringing down my grade. Also, I was a little surprised about the points we lost on phase 1. That means for the upcoming phases we have to be careful about our submissions so we don't lose more points for small things. The other thing that is in my way is maybe the exam. I need to do better on the exam this next exam since I did not do that well on the last one.  

### What will you do next week?

This next week I plan on finishing the readings and going to lectures as per usual. My team also is planning on focusing on finishing phase 2 of the projecg by next week. We want to have everything done before the deadline so we have plenty of time to figure out if we have done everything and turn it in. I have a lot to do next week so I want to get organized and make sure to get everything done in a timely manner. 

### Class experience

Overall, I enjoy this class. I think Professor Fraij is an amazing teacher and makes the learning a lot more easier. I also enjoy the class because I wanted to take a formal class for python and I am learning a lot about that. I really like the group project so far as well. I think it is a good project to combine all the skills we have not only learned in this class, but also in other CS classes. However, I will say the project is a lot more complex than I thought. For the upcoming phases I want to make sure we pay attention to small details so that we don't lose more points. 

### Tip-of-the-week

This weekend I attended WiCS Hacks and the first project we started to work on was creating a Google chrome extension. Until this weekend I did not really know how or that any could even can easily make an extension for chrome. This is the link for Google tutorial on how to get started for anyone who might be interested in checking it out:

https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted

