---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past was the week after spring break. As usual I did my readings and went to the lectures. Also the project was due this past week on thursday so I met with my team to finish that up. I mostly worked on the frontend to make the static pages. We ran into some issue with AWS and understanding the instructions a little, but at the end we were able to turn in everything on time. I really enjoy working with my team and I think we all work together. We have the work divided, but we step in when someone else is stuck and this helped us finsh the project on time. 

### What's in your way?

The quizzes are in my way right now. I am stil not doing so well on the quizzes and that is bringing down my grade. Also, I think the group project will only get harder after phase 1 since the first part was just getting everything set up. Additionally, I have started to work during the week and so now I have to do a better job of managing all my assignments. So far I have been able to finsh everything on time but I was a little overwhelmed last week so I need to do a better job.   

### What will you do next week?

This next week I plan on finishing the readings and going to lectures as per usual. I also plan on attending the guest lecture happening tomorrow evening to earn some extra quiz points. Also, once the last project is graded I want to start working on the next project so that we have plenty of time to get everything done and time to go get TA help if needed. I want to get started on everything early in a timely manner so that I don't get overwhelmed like I did last week. I also want to start on assignments from other classes so I don't fall behind in any class. 

### Class experience

Overall, I enjoy this class. I think Professor Fraij is an amazing teacher and makes the learning a lot more easier. I also enjoy the class because I wanted to take a formal class for python and I am learning a lot about that. I really like the group project so far as well. I think it is a good project to combine all the skills we have not only learned in this class, but also in other CS classes. The project is not too challenging and not too easy which makes it enjoyable. I am also glad to be working in a group on this project. 

### Tip-of-the-week

This past week I just started a new job at a startup. One of the first things I learned at the startup was documentation. My tip-of-the-week is that if you are working on something new or stuck somewhere look at the documentation. If you understand the purpose of the method or class or whatever than it becomes a lot easier to debug the problem. By reading the documentation I was able to navigate my way through the codebase to finish the assignment. 
