---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week as usual I did my readings and went to the lectures. We also had phase 2 of the project due this past Thursday. We mostly spent the week working on getting everything in for the pproject. We were able to finish everything in time which was good because I had a lot of other assignements to finish as well. For this phase the major part tot set up was the database and making the pages dynamic to send the information from the backend to the frontend to be displayed. I worked on the frontend.   

### What's in your way?

The quizzes are in my way right now. I am stil not doing so well on the quizzes and that is bringing down my grade. I am also hoping that we get a higher grade on phase 2 so my grade gets pulled up a little. Also the semester is coming to an end which means that the exam is coming up soon. I did not do that well as I thought I did on the last exam so I want to spend a little more time to studying. I am little worried about the exam and that is one thing that I see to be in my way.  

### What will you do next week?

This next week I plan on finishing the readings and going to lectures as per usual. My team wants to also work on the extra credit that Professor Fraij mentioned last week. I think that is a great way to get some extra points for our final grade. Also, doing research on a topic and creating a lecture will give us a better understanding of python. Other than that I think we also want to get started on the last phase since it is the final phase and we want everything to be done in time. I also have a couple of other assignments for other classes which I want to get started on so that I don't get overwhelmed. 

### Class experience

Overall, I enjoy this class. I think Professor Fraij is an amazing teacher and makes the learning a lot more easier. I really like working with my group too for the idb project. Everyone in my group is extremely smart and very easy to work with. We have not had any disagreements yet and someone is always willing to help others when someone is stuck. This is a nice change from other group projects I have worked on in the past. Other than the group project, I also like the material of the class and it is going at a good pace I think. I do still not like the quizzes because I always make silly mistakes and get the questions wrong. 

### Tip-of-the-week

So recently I have gotten into machine learning and artificial intelligence. Machine learning is still a fairly new field and sometimes it becomes difficult to explain it to people in non-technical terms. I found a cool article that does a really good job of explaining ML in non-technical terms. Even if you are not interested in ML it is still a great read so give it a go:

https://www.quora.com/How-do-you-explain-Machine-Learning-and-Data-Mining-to-non-Computer-Science-people/answer/Pararth-Shah



