---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week we got back our project grades. I was slightly confused why we lost two points and its odd that we cannot get more than 80 points even if we get the bonus points. That completely takes away the motivation to try and get the extra points offered to us. I also started reviewing for the exam this past week. I tried reading through the notes and code we have seen in class. I have also attempted to practice coding in python because I still sometimes do java things. 

### What's in your way?

This exam seems to be the only thing in the way as of right now. I am nervous because its a coding exam and I am still slightly rusty on python. I still need to look up things when coding in python, so I need to practice that more. I also need to review the list Professor Fraij put on piazza so I understand concepts for this exam. I am also still not completely sure what is best way to study. Right now I am practicing writing code and also reading through class notes.

### What will you do next week?

Since the exam is on Tuesday, I want to put in some more rigourous studying and start on my review sheet. I plan on doing more coding practice and try to finish all the notes. After the exam I want to also start looking for potential group members since the project will be assigned soon. I want to find a team soon so that I can start the project soon that way I am not rushed rght before the deadline. 

### Class experience

Overall I really enjoy this class. I came in thinking it would be a lot of work and because it is my last semester I thought I would be very annoyed. However, so far I am liking the pace at which we are going and I like the teaching technique as well. Also the TAs for this class are extremely helpful in person and over Piazza. I am very glad I took this class because this is the first time I am formally learning python. Before this I was trying to learn python on my own or just using python for what I needed. This class is helping understand some interesting concepts about python and makes me appreciate the programming language more.

### Tip-of-the-week

My tip for this week is about this online tool I found, Trello. It is a tool to keep track of lists with different labels to identify. I found it useful for developing because sometimes I want to work on a feature in the future and I forget. It is also easy to attach color labels  according to if it is backend, frontend, server, network. I think it is cool and it really helps me get organized and write down everything I want/need to get done. 
