---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week as usual I did my readings and went to the lectures. We got back our grades for phase 2 and we did a lot better than I was expecting on this one than we did on the first phase. Now we have started discussing what we need to do for the last phase of the project. Additionally, as a group we also decided to do the extra credit and even picked a topic for that. Other than that this past week I worked on some other assignments from other class that were due this past week. I also took part in Music Hacks on Saturday and my group was in the final top 5 projects.     

### What's in your way?

The quizzes are in my way right now. I am stil not doing so well on the quizzes and that is bringing down my grade. I am also hoping that we get a good grade on the last part of the project so that overall I have a good grade for the project. Also the semester is coming to an end which means that the exam is coming up soon. I did not do that well as I thought I did on the last exam so I want to spend a little more time to studying. I am little worried about the exam and that is one thing that I see to be in my way. As the semester is coming to an end and graduation coming up I am also losing motivation so I need to make sure I keep attending class and get everything done for this class. 

### What will you do next week?

This next week I plan on finishing the readings and going to lectures as per usual. My team wants to also work on the extra credit so we want to get some of the research done for that and lecture plan prepared before it is due so that we aren't rushed at the end Other than that I think we are planning to work on the last phase of the project and since this is the final submission get everything done on time and properly. I also have a couple of other assignments for other classes which I want to get started on so that I don't get overwhelmed. 

### Class experience

Overall, I enjoy this class. I think Professor Fraij is an amazing teacher and makes the learning a lot more easier. I really like working with my group too for the idb project. Everyone in my group is extremely smart and very easy to work with. This is a nice change from other group projects I have worked on in the past. Other than the group project, I also like the material of the class and it is going at a good pace I think. I do still not like the quizzes because I always make silly mistakes and get the questions wrong. A lot of the topics now are getting a little redundant from stuff I have seen in other class but other than that I enjoy this class. The TAs are also very helpful and always willing to answer questions.

### Tip-of-the-week

My tip of the week is about a book a recently started reading. I have gotten interested in AI and thus been very interested in all kinds of AI related topics, blogs, papers, and books out there. For those who are also interested in AI checkout Superintelligence. It is an amazing read and gives a wonderful overview of AI. It also talks about human and computer interaction especially the brain. 
