---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I focused on finishing up project 1 and turning it in. For the most part I had a working solution and I was focusing on adding further optimizations to pass so my code would pass on Sphere. I basically took the path of creating a meta cache so first I wrote a script to generate the cycle lengths to populate the meta cache. The script just used my simple solution to find the max cycle length in a range. I chose to use the meta cache because using a lazy cache meant a lot more computing time. Again, I have been trying to keep up with the notes that are posted on canvas.

### What's in your way?

Again, I think the main thing right now in may way is my unfamiliarity with python and tools. I am getting the hang of python because it isn't really a hard language to learn. Getting a hang of getting the enviorment and tools working properly was taking time. Also, another thing is that I do not know a lot of my classmates so I will need to reach out to people to form study groups or something. At least try to get to know people for the grooup projects that are coming up. Also, it was definitely very helpful that I started the project early. That gave me enough time to go at a good pace and finish way before the deadline. 

### What will you do next week?

For next week I won't to focus on the usual stuff like finishing the readings and keeping up with the notes. Also, since we have been already assigned our second project and it is the second one I think it will be a bit more challenging I am hoping to get started on the project. I will try to find a partner to do this project with, but if not I will get started on the project on my own. Also, I plan on attendind the study sessions again this week. I went for a little bit last week and it was defintely very helpful. The TAs for this class are extremely nice and helpful and make it comfortable to ask questions. I want to also take more advantage of Piazza because I found it helpful when I was stuck on the last project. The other classmates immediately provided helpful tips which saved a lot of time. 
