---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week was the first week of class also known as syllabus week for us college students. In class we mostly went over the syllabus and overall expectations for and from the class this semester. We also dived into learing python with a simple Hello World program. Additionally, Professor Fraij went over unit testing, coverage and assertions in python. This has set the foundation for how we will be testing future projects and the overall structure for those projects. We also got our first project assigned this week. 

### What's in your way?

In the near future the only thing I see in the way is setting everything up properly. The projects themselves do not seem too complicated and are very doable. However, I must be careful to allocate proper time to getting the project started to get it done on time. So all in all I really just see an issue with using the enw technologies. 

### What will you do next week?

Next week I plan on getting all the readings done before class so that I am fully prepared for the quizzes. Also, in the past I have found it very useful to read lecture materials before class because then I retain it better, so I plan on doing that before each lecture. For the project I plan on getting everything set up and the coding started so that I am not rushed right before the deadline and I can go to office hours if I get stuck. 

### Overall Experience

I am really enjoying this class thus far. I have never formally learned or used python for any class so that is a new experience for me and quite exciting. I also had a Professor Fraij for Algorithms a couple of semesters ago and that is one of the reasons I am taking a class taught by him. I am looking forward to another great semester taught by him. One thing I should probably do now is to venture out and try to meet my other classmates because currently I do not know that many people in the class and I feel it might be useful for a class like this. Overall, I am really looking forward to the rest of the semester and the final project. 

### Tip of the week

Because I am new to python and very used to languages such as Java, I found some practice problems to do online. I found this to be very useful because I understand the concepts, data structures and algorithms, but just need to practice syntax. Here is the website for anyone else who would like to check it out:

[http://codingbat.com/python](malto:http://codingbat.com/python)
