---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week my partner and I focused on finishing up Netflix. We started off the project last week and ran into several bugs which we were not expecting. For example first we faced a lot of problems opening up the .pickle files and then after that we could not get our files to succesfully build on travis. We were eventually able to fix those issues by stuff that was posted on Piazza. For the logic of the predictions we were able to implement what wa explained in the article linked on the contest page. After that getting the logic of the code working was no big deal. In fact we were able to finish everything before the assignment was even open. Finishing up the assignment and getting all the submission items in order was the main focus of this past week. 

### What's in your way?

Last week we had issues using several of the python libararies. However, this week once we had those issues fixed everything else for the project went smoothly. Also, since this was the second project we knew exactly what to turn in and how to properly submit everything. One thing I do see which could get in my way is the new material we are learning in class. I haven't really seen lamdas before so it is a completely brand new concept. I will have to practice and read more about the stuff we are learning in class so I can be prepared for the exam.

### What will you do next week?

For next week I won't to focus on the usual stuff like finishing the readings and keeping up with the notes. Additionally, I want to focus on starting preparation for the exam which is coming up in a week and a half. I want to start practicing to write the code we go over in class. I want to be able to recreate the code without having to look at the examples. 

### Tip-of-the-week

Something I realized this week while working on my assignments was that for complex assignments it is a good idea to work in a IDE. Working in a IDE makes debugging a lot easier and easier to follow your logic. You can set breakpoints, watch variables to make sure they are getting the values you want, and the IDE will catch some errors before you even build. For developing in python I would recommend pycharm. It is a user friendly IDE and there is a professional version free for students.  
