---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week we took the midterm in class on Tuesday. The exam was not very difficult and especially since I had studied all the notes from class it was not bad at all. Everything on the exam was from what we had seen in class or the readings and mentioned in the list of concepts we should know. Then on thursday we had a guest speaker in from Mutual Mobile. Other than the midterm there was not much that happened during the week. I did start thinking about potentially who I could partner up for the next projects.   

### What's in your way?

There is not much in the way right now. I am slighlty nervous to get my exam back because even though I felt good about the exam, I hope I did not make any silly mistakes or worse get the concept completely wrong. Another thing I can think of are the future projects. I have been told by former students that the last three projects are a lot more difficult and involve managing group dynamics. However, I think that if we start the assignments when they come out and space out the work then it should not be a huge issue and too stressful to finish.  

### What will you do next week?

Next week I want to find a group and maybe start the project. The week after is spring break so I want to have started the project so that everything does not pile up for after spring break. I also want to finish the assigned readings for this week since the quiz will most likely over them. I also plan on attending the talk tomorrow night to hopefully boost my quiz average. 

### Class experience

Overall, I like the class. It is going at a good pace and the midterm we took this past week was not bad at all. The projects also have not been too bad at all. I am just not a huge fan of the quizzes. Sometimes I come in a couple of minutes late and I completely miss the quiz. I am hoping that by keeping my other grades good I will be able to balance out my bad quiz scores. Also, I do like the talks we have had have been interesting. Especially the last one we just had was helpful for a personal project I am working on.

### Tip-of-the-week

My tip of the week would be for all underclassmen and those who are still looking for internships/jobs. As a graduating senior the best tip I can give you is network a lot. Go to as many talks as you can and then talk to the engineers/recruiters afterwards. I have realized it is all about making connections to initially get that interview and foot in the door. For interviews I would highly suggest everyone to invest in buy Cracking the Coding Interview. It is a great way to review all important CS concepts and practice problems. I can say for sure that all the great industry experience I have gotten has been because I used that book to prepare. 
