---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I focused on finding a partner for the second project and getting started on Project. We worked on getting the skeleton set up and adding some of the logic into the code. This project we were not given starter code so we had to first set everything up. For the most part we used the starter code from Collatz, since the generic code is the same. We have to modify read and write slightly to have it read/write according to the problem spec, but for the most part the starter code is the same. 

### What's in your way?

This week while working on the project we faced several problems with python libraries. We were attempting to open the cache files which are given to us, but at first we kept getting an error that was not opening .pickle files. Then after we debugged the problem on our local machine we ran into a similar problem on Travis. Everything had started working, but when we were pushing to git Travis would fail because it would not be able to find the files. We were eventually able to sort out the issue, but this week we have spent a lot of time on just getting everything to work and not because our logic was wrong. 

### What will you do next week?

For next week I won't to focus on the usual stuff like finishing the readings and keeping up with the notes. I want to also focus the first half of the week on finishing up the project. Last time I was able to finish way before the deadline and I want to aim to do the same this time. I think we will also try to work during lab sessions so that if we run into more problems which are just syntax errors we can easily debug it and faster. We unfortunately spent so much time just debugging those errors rather than working on the logic. 
